0x00 Python - Hello, World 🐍 Python is an interpreted, high-level, general-purpose programming language. Created by Guido van Rossum and first released in 1991. It's often used as a “scripting language” for web applications. This means that it can automate specific series of tasks, making it more efficient. This project covers the basics of Pyhton

At the end of this project, I was able to solve these questions:

Who created Python Where does the name ‘Python’ come from What is the Zen of Python How to use the Python interpreter How to print text and variables using print How to use strings What are indexing and slicing in Python What is the official Holberton Python coding style and how to check your code with PEP 8 Tasks ✔️ Shell script that runs a Python script. Shell script that runs Python code. Python script that prints exactly "Programming is like building a multilingual puzzle Integer stored in the variable number Float stored in the variable number with a precision of 2 digits. 3 times a string stored in the variable str, followed by its first 9 characters. Print Welcome to Holberton School! Complete this source code Print object-oriented programming with Python. Python script that prints “The Zen of Python” Function in C that checks if a singly linked list has a cycle in it. Python script that prints exactly and that piece of art is useful - Dora Korpar, 2015-10-19 Python file name will be stored in the environment variable $PYFILE Python function def magic_calculation(a, b) Results 📈 Filename 0-run 1-run_inline 2-print.py 3-print_number.py 4-print_float.py 5-print_string.py 6-concat.py 7-edges.py 8-concat_edges.py 9-easter_egg.py 10-check_cycle.c 100-write.py 101-compile 102-magic_calculation.py Additional info 
